Theme Metadata Review - Twilight Documentation | Salla Docs
Review Process
Copy Page
Salla Platform Docs
Theme Architecture
Layouts
Overview
Global Variables
CSS Variables
Custom Fonts
Master Layout
Salla Icons
Hooks
Localizations
Salla Component Hooks
Hooks
Overview
Template Hooks
Component Hooks
Pages
Home Page
Overview
Product Pages
Products listing
Single product
Customer Pages
Profile
Orders list
Order details
Wishlist
Notifications
Blog Pages
Blog listing
Single blog
Brand Pages
Brands listing
Single brand
Common Pages
Cart
Loyalty
Thank you
Single page
Landing Page
Components
Overview
Home Components
Youtube
Fixed banner
Testimonials
Parallax background
Photos slider
Store features
Square photos
Fixed products
Products slider
Featured products - Style 1
Featured Products - Style 2
Featured Products - Style 3
Brands
Enhanced Square Banners
Main Links
Enhanced Slider
Slider Products with Headers
Latest Products
Vertical Menu with Slider
Product Components
Essentials
Options
Common Components
Header Components
Footer Components
Comments component
Requirements & Review
Overview
Main Requirements
Review Process
UI / UX Review
Technical Review
Metadata Review
Pre-Launch Review
Getting Started
Create a theme
Setup a theme
Develop a theme
Publish a theme
Files and Folders Structure
Directory structure
Twilight.json
Twig Template Engine
Basic syntax
Twilight flavoured twig
Change Log
Merchant
Merchant
Merchant API
Embedded SDK
Salla OAuth 2.0
Storefront
Storefront
Twilight Engine
Twilight SDK
Web Components
Ecommerce Events
Component Bundle
Checkout APIs
Change LogApp Functions
Partner APIs
Partner APIs
App API
Shipments & Fulfillment APIs
Salla AWB
Recurring Payments API
Billing System Salla partners
Communication Apps
Dev Tools
Dev Tools
Partners Agent Kit
Salla Apps Playbook
Salla CLI
Merchant
Merchant
Merchant API
Embedded SDK
Salla OAuth 2.0
Storefront
Storefront
Twilight Engine
Twilight SDK
Web Components
Ecommerce Events
Component Bundle
Checkout APIs
Change LogApp Functions
Partner APIs
Partner APIs
App API
Shipments & Fulfillment APIs
Salla AWB
Recurring Payments API
Billing System Salla partners
Communication Apps
Dev Tools
Dev Tools
Partners Agent Kit
Salla Apps Playbook
Salla CLI
Blog
Developer Portal
Review Process
Copy Page
Metadata Review
Reviewing metadata is looking through and rating the metadata related to websites, digital information, or certain parts of a website. Descriptive information or tags that give context and specifics about the material are referred to as metadata.This helps search engines and people alike better comprehend and access the content. In this step, Salla team will review the Theme Name, Support, Pricing, Screenshots, Description and ChangeLog.
1.0. Theme Name#For Theme name Style name follow these guidelines:
1.1. Theme and style names should stand apart from Salla Products, Events, or Branded content.
1.2. They should also differ from Partner names.
1.3. Avoid overlap with website, e-commerce, or SEO-related terms; for instance, steer clear of names like Performance, Mobile, or Sales for your Theme.
1.4. Ensure unique names not resembling industry or collection names from the Theme Store, such as Fashion, Electronics, or Jewelry.
1.5. Keep names under 14 characters and hint at the purpose of the Theme.
1.6. Communicate what merchants can expect from the Theme, encompassing core concepts and the intended audience.
1.7. Opt for noun-based or adjective-based names.
1.8. Choose easily pronounceable names to aid in recall and searching for merchants.
1.9. Consider different dialects and regional meanings; consult an idiom dictionary if needed.
1.10. Avoid using the same name on other platforms.
1.11. Use a single word without emojis, spaces, or special characters in the Theme or style name.
Good Theme Name example:
“Elegance” ✅(one word, less than 14 characters, adjective)
Bad Theme Name examples:
“The Majestic” ❌(Two words)
“Day&Night” ❌(Two words and special character)
2.0. Theme Support#Merchants using the Theme are advised to address any concerns they may have with the Theme developer.  It is not Salla's responsibility to manage Theme support, so you need to fill in all of the following fields:
2.1.  Support Email: Active Email that is dedicated to getting inquiries and issues related to the themes.
2.2. Support Website: Company, Personal website or social media where Merchants can get more information about you .
2.3. Support Phone: Active Mobile / Office number for getting inquiries and issues related to the Theme.
2.4. Live Chat:  Active live chat link could be Telegram , WhatsApp or any other chat services. The response timeframe expected is within few hours .
2.5. Documentation Link: Each theme should have it's own blog or article that explains how Theme works. Example: https://help.salla.sa/article/1991456782
2.6. Support Service: An optional field you can use  in case you would like to provide extra support services.Customer support inquiries must be answered in a timely manner within two business days. If you don't give your Theme enough support, it might get bad reviews, have a low buy rate, or be taken down from the Salla Marketplace.
3.0. Theme Pricing#Salla allows you to charge Merchants a one-time payment for your Themes. You are free to set the Theme price as you see fit as long as it is a minimum 250 SAR for Public Themes and 1,000 SAR for Private Themes.Calculate the price of your theme based on a number of parameters:
Design quality
Size of the catalog it is intended for, and
Production timeWhen figuring out how much to charge for your theme, don't forget to include in the expense of offering first-rate support. It will be required of you to address bugs and respond to inquiries regarding your theme. Merchants' evaluation of your theme may be influenced by the level of help and support you offer.
4.0. Theme Screenshots#Providing Theme screenshots provide a detailed glims of how the Theme would look like once applied to the store. Follow the below rules when uploading Theme screenshots for publishing:
4.1. Well-designed screenshots are required.
4.2. Screenshots should be provided in images or YouTube video formats.
4.3. Videos should be short and informative, 2 minutes maximum length is required.
4.4. Each Screenshot should have a unique title and description.
4.5. The title for each screenshot should reflect the Theme features for Merchants, for example, Smooth animations, Optimized performance, Easy setup with 20+ sections, etc.
4.6. The screenshot's title and description should be in Arabic and English.
4.7. A minimum of 4 screenshots of the Theme should be provided.
4.8. Screenshots should reflect all Theme features.
4.9. Screenshot images should not contain any texts or logos at all.
4.10. Theme screenshots should be available in both desktop and mobile views.
5.0. Theme ChangeLog#Your Theme should have a change log, a change log is a record that lists updates, fixes, and improvements made to the Theme. It includes version numbers, release dates, and brief descriptions of changes such as new features, bug fixes, security updates, and performance enhancements. It helps users understand what's changed in each version and assists developers in tracking modifications and progress. Salla advices to only share relevant information and abstain from sharing inappropriate information.
6.0 Theme Preview#Prepare a demo preview store to showcase how your theme will enhance the appearance of a merchant's store once it's installed. You can create one or multiple preview stores, and they will be featured in the Salla Theme Marketplace. Please adhere to the following guidelines:
6.1 All Themes must include at least one preview store.
6.2 You can use up to 4 preview stores for each Theme.
6.3 Avoid using the same preview store for multiple themes.
6.4 Each Theme category can only have one preview store.
6.5 Ensure that at least one preview store is set as the default store.
6.6 Use authentic text content on all preview store pages. Avoid placeholder text like "Lorem Ipsum" or "test test," and refrain from using profanities.
6.7 Preview stores should only showcase elements and functionalities that are built into the Theme.
6.8 Do not embed text or buttons in images, except for text on physical products, infographics, badges, or Instagram images.
6.9 Exclusively feature original images owned by the Theme developer in the preview store. Any usage of third-party images is the responsibility of the Theme developer.
6.10 Obtain direct permission from brand owners before using any brand names, images, or content.
6.11 Utilize built-in Salla features to demonstrate the power and capabilities of your Theme, such as enabling various special promotions e.g., countdown timer on product pages, loyalty programs, and blogs.
6.12 Showcase the versatility and variability of your Theme by including examples such as a product on sale, a sold-out product or variant, and a product with multiple variants.
6.13 Ensure that the preview store does not contain information about the Theme and simulates real stores.
6.14 Thumbnails of preview stores should not contain text or logos.
6.15 Thumbnails of preview stores should be desktop and mobile responsive.
6.16 Preview stores should not contain the store icon.
7.0 Active Store#Demonstrate how the Theme has successfully met the needs of several stores. This section is optional and should only be included for themes that are live and already installed by multiple stores. Please ensure to follow these image requirements for each item:
7.1. Image size should not exceed 200KB.
7.2. Image dimensions should not exceed 800x450 pixels.
7.3. Images should be screenshot of the store in web view. No added texts or logos on the image.
Modified at 2026-07-29 11:46:05
Previous
Technical Review
Next
Pre-Launch Review
LLMs.txtExport
